1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It showed the removed lines and added lines separately and we can compare them in order to find where
    we made the mistake. Direction of the arrow '<' or '>' indicate whether the line is removed or added.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    When working with 1000s of lines in a code it is almost impossible to find where exactly the typo is.
    Or it takes lot of time to fine and still you may not be able to find all mistakes. So having easy access
    to entire history of a file would give a detailed explanation of the evolution of the problem. 

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

   Manually saving the changes gives more control over the automatic saving. However outomatic saving may be
   safer because it saves almost all the changes made but it also saves unnessasary chages made.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Firstly, in git, you create a repository first and do your projrct work their. In these projrcts most of the times, many 
    files are linked together. So it ta always better to save all the existing and updated files once you have done a commit.
    While, in google this is not the case. It treats files separatly because the are created in that way. Not like in the case
    of repositories.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log: shows you the commits history with a link to each file set after a certain commit. 
    git diff: can be used to find differences line by line in certain two versions of files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
